README.md, before:

![Baton Logo](./baton-logo.png)

# `baton-ringcentral` [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral) ![main ci](https://github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)

`baton-ringcentral` is a connector [RingCentral](https://www.ringcentral.com/) for built using the [Baton SDK](https://github.com/conductorone/baton-sdk). This connector syncs data with the platform, allowing you to list the users and roles available withing your company. It also allows the asignation and revoke of roles for each user.

Check out [Baton](https://github.com/conductorone/baton) to learn more the project in general.

# Getting Started

## brew

```
brew install conductorone/baton/baton conductorone/baton/baton-ringcentral
baton-ringcentral --ringcentral-client-id --ringcentral-client-secret --ringcentral-jwt
baton resources
```

## docker

```
docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/out -e BATON_DOMAIN_URL=domain_url -e BATON_API_KEY=apiKey -e BATON_USERNAME=username ghcr.io/conductorone/baton-ringcentral:latest -f "/out/sync.c1z"
docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/out ghcr.io/conductorone/baton:latest -f "/out/sync.c1z" resources
```

## source

```
go install github.com/conductorone/baton/cmd/baton@main
go install github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral/cmd/baton-ringcentral@main

baton-ringcentral --ringcentral-client-id --ringcentral-client-secret --ringcentral-jwt

baton resources
```
NOTE: RingCentrals connector requires the `--ringcentral-client-id`, `--ringcentral-client-secret` and `--ringcentral-jwt` flags.

# Data Model

`baton-ringcentral` will pull down information about the following resources:
- Users
- Roles

# Contributing, Support and Issues

We started Baton because we were tired of taking screenshots and manually
building spreadsheets. We welcome contributions, and ideas, no matter how
small&mdash;our goal is to make identity and permissions sprawl less painful for
everyone. If you have questions, problems, or ideas: Please open a GitHub Issue!

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ConductorOne/baton/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# `baton-ringcentral` Command Line Usage

```
baton-ringcentral

Usage:
  baton-ringcentral [flags]
  baton-ringcentral [command]

Available Commands:
  capabilities       Get connector capabilities
  completion         Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help               Help about any command

Flags:
      --client-id string             The client ID used to authenticate with ConductorOne ($BATON_CLIENT_ID)
      --client-secret string         The client secret used to authenticate with ConductorOne ($BATON_CLIENT_SECRET)
  -f, --file string                  The path to the c1z file to sync with ($BATON_FILE) (default "sync.c1z")
  -h, --help                         help for baton-ringcentral
      --log-format string            The output format for logs: json, console ($BATON_LOG_FORMAT) (default "json")
      --log-level string             The log level: debug, info, warn, error ($BATON_LOG_LEVEL) (default "info")
  -p, --provisioning                 If this connector supports provisioning, this must be set in order for provisioning actions to be enabled ($BATON_PROVISIONING)
      --ticketing                    This must be set to enable ticketing support ($BATON_TICKETING)
  -v, --version                      version for baton-ringcentral

 --ringcentral-client-id             The client ID used to authenticate with RingCentral app
 --ringcentral-client-secret         The client secret used to authenticate with RingCentral app
 --ringcentral-jwt                   JSON Web Token generated by the user

Use "baton-ringcentral [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

Commit message:

Add more details about a RingCentral JWT

README.md, after:

![Baton Logo](./baton-logo.png)

# `baton-ringcentral` [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral) ![main ci](https://github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)

`baton-ringcentral` is a connector [RingCentral](https://www.ringcentral.com/) for built using the [Baton SDK](https://github.com/conductorone/baton-sdk). This connector syncs data with the platform, allowing you to list the users and roles available withing your company. It also allows the asignation and revoke of roles for each user.

Check out [Baton](https://github.com/conductorone/baton) to learn more the project in general.

# Getting Started

## brew

```
brew install conductorone/baton/baton conductorone/baton/baton-ringcentral
baton-ringcentral --ringcentral-client-id --ringcentral-client-secret --ringcentral-jwt
baton resources
```

## docker

```
docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/out -e BATON_DOMAIN_URL=domain_url -e BATON_API_KEY=apiKey -e BATON_USERNAME=username ghcr.io/conductorone/baton-ringcentral:latest -f "/out/sync.c1z"
docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/out ghcr.io/conductorone/baton:latest -f "/out/sync.c1z" resources
```

## source

```
go install github.com/conductorone/baton/cmd/baton@main
go install github.com/conductorone/baton-ringcentral/cmd/baton-ringcentral@main

baton-ringcentral --ringcentral-client-id --ringcentral-client-secret --ringcentral-jwt

baton resources
```
NOTE: RingCentrals connector requires the `--ringcentral-client-id`, `--ringcentral-client-secret` and `--ringcentral-jwt` flags. Instructions on how to generate these can be found [here](https://developers.ringcentral.com/guide/authentication/jwt/quick-start). More details about the JWT authentication can be found [here](https://developers.ringcentral.com/guide/getting-started/create-credential).

# Data Model

`baton-ringcentral` will pull down information about the following resources:
- Users
- Roles

# Contributing, Support and Issues

We started Baton because we were tired of taking screenshots and manually
building spreadsheets. We welcome contributions, and ideas, no matter how
small&mdash;our goal is to make identity and permissions sprawl less painful for
everyone. If you have questions, problems, or ideas: Please open a GitHub Issue!

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ConductorOne/baton/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# `baton-ringcentral` Command Line Usage

```
baton-ringcentral

Usage:
  baton-ringcentral [flags]
  baton-ringcentral [command]

Available Commands:
  capabilities       Get connector capabilities
  completion         Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help               Help about any command

Flags:
      --client-id string             The client ID used to authenticate with ConductorOne ($BATON_CLIENT_ID)
      --client-secret string         The client secret used to authenticate with ConductorOne ($BATON_CLIENT_SECRET)
  -f, --file string                  The path to the c1z file to sync with ($BATON_FILE) (default "sync.c1z")
  -h, --help                         help for baton-ringcentral
      --log-format string            The output format for logs: json, console ($BATON_LOG_FORMAT) (default "json")
      --log-level string             The log level: debug, info, warn, error ($BATON_LOG_LEVEL) (default "info")
  -p, --provisioning                 If this connector supports provisioning, this must be set in order for provisioning actions to be enabled ($BATON_PROVISIONING)
      --ticketing                    This must be set to enable ticketing support ($BATON_TICKETING)
  -v, --version                      version for baton-ringcentral

 --ringcentral-client-id             The client ID used to authenticate with RingCentral app
 --ringcentral-client-secret         The client secret used to authenticate with RingCentral app
 --ringcentral-jwt                   JSON Web Token generated by the user

Use "baton-ringcentral [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```
